go it's a myth our FC yeah okay so this
is going full so like have mercy on my
soul this document is long story short
basically an encouragement to like write
things down so the things I want to
highlight are write things down and if
they seem like they're really
contentious then like figure out a way
to label them that so that they're less
contentious so if you've got something
that just makes you really mad and you
want to fix it you can't take the time
today to write us back and fight it all
out that's okay
maybe you should write an experience
report and that can be a concrete thing
that we might want to keep and if we get
a whole bunch of experience reports that
seem to go together
now maybe we can start doing some design
Docs and maybe specs eventually follow
from this but each of these is
independently useful and just start
writing and we should figure out where
to put all these things to make sure
that we can keep documents like these
even as they're still growing the rest
of this is a bunch of words that says
the same thing repeatedly so this is
still a gist and I need to figure out
where to make it live and maybe it'll be
subject to a lot more feedback from
everybody but meanwhile great things
that's Eric